docs(review): review content (#1967)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/my-account/how-to/recover-password-lost-email.mdx

  paragraph: This page explains how to recover the password of an account with an email address that is no longer valid.
tags: dedibox-console recover password email account
dates:
  validation: 2023-07-24
  posted: 2020-03-12
categories:
  - account
---

To ensure the security of your Scaleway Dedibox account, it is strongly advised that you regularly verify and update your contact details, especially your email address. This precautionary measure will help prevent any potential account lockouts in the event that you lose access to both your console password and email account.

In the unlikely event that you do encounter such a situation, the following procedure outlines the steps to recover access to your Scaleway Dedibox account.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)
</Message>

If you find yourself unable to access your email account, please submit a request to update your contact information. The request should include the following identification details:

* Your current and new email addresses
* Your postal address

> * Two distinct documents that serve as proof of your identity (such as your passport or local ID card for individual accounts, and incorporation certificate for companies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Two distinct documents serving as proof of your identity (such as your passport or local ID card for individual accounts, and incorporation certificate for companies)
```

* A reachable phone number for contact purposes

> * A copy of your most recent Scaleway Dedibox invoice or provide the amount charged if you don't have a copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A copy of your most recent Scaleway Dedibox invoice. If you don't have a copy, you can provide the amount charged.
```
